feat: add `IsX`/`IfX` types for `any`/`never`/`unknown` (#564)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

//=> true

type ShouldBeFalse = IfAny<'not any'>;
//=> false

type ShouldBeNever = IfAny<'not any', 'not never', 'never'>;
//=> 'never'
```

- [`IsLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsStringLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `string` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsNumericLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `number` or `bigint` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsBooleanLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `true` or `false` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsSymbolLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `symbol` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).

> - [`IsAny`](source/is-any.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `any`. (Alternate: `IfAny`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`IsAny`](source/is-any.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `any`. (Conditional version: `IfAny`.)
```

?
